add api endpoint to get all supported price feed ids for price service (#259)
pyth-network/pyth-crosschain: third_party/pyth/price-service/README.md

--network <guardianNetworkPathForMainNet> \
```

Then to run the pyth_price_service docker container using a config file called `${HOME}/pyth_price_service/env` and logging to directory `${HOME}/pyth_price_service/logs`, do the
following:

```
$ docker run \
--volume=${HOME}/pyth_price_service:/var/pyth_price_service \
-e PYTH_PRICE_SERVICE_CONFIG=/var/pyth_price_service/env \
--network=host \
pyth_price_service
```

> Or, run `docker compose up` in the `third_party/pyth/price-service` directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, run docker compose in the `third_party/pyth/price-service` directory using the commands below. It will run a spy listening to the wormhole testnet network and a price service that listens to Pyth prices published to it.

```
